Terms

Terms and Conditions of Use
It is important that you read the entirety of and understand this document.


Price, Payment Method
Prices are in United Arab Emirati Dirham. Payment may be made by credit card, bank deposit or cash on delivery.
Bank deposit payments require the proof of payment uploaded through email before we can proceed with printing.
Bank or wire transfers whether local or international may take a few days to reflect in the bank statement. Please note that we will only proceed with the production upon receiving the payment(s) in the bank.
In case of cheque bounce, we reserve the right to charge 200  as a penalty.


VAT
From 1 January 2018, the UAE has introduced VAT at a standard rate of 5%, which will be chargeable on goods and services in the UAE.
You may update your VAT details by sending us the necessary documents via email which will be reflected in your invoice.


Proofs and Artworks
If Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC submits to the client a proof of design / artwork, Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC will not be responsible for any errors which appeared in the proof or artwork and which were not corrected by the client before the order was completed.


Cancellations and Refunds
Every order is subject to a cancellation fee. The cancellation fee is 10% or  200, whichever is less. This is to cover the prepress costs related to your order.
Orders paid by credit card are subject to a processing fee. This is charged by the credit card portal. For this reason, if you cancel by credit card we are unable refund you the full amount. Refunds may take 7 business days to complete.
Clients have the right to cancel or modify an Order as long as it has not started production.
Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC will be entitled to charge for work already carried out (whether completed or not) and materials purchased for the customer.
If the User ceases to pay its debts in the ordinary course of business or cannot pay its debts as they become due or files a voluntary petition for bankruptcy protection or an assignment for benefit of creditors or is the subject of an involuntary bankruptcy petition, then in any such event, Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC without prejudice to other remedies shall have the right not to proceed further with the contract or any other work for the client.


NON - PAYMENT
Retention of ownership
Until the client has paid all sums outstanding in relation to the Goods:
(a) Property in the Goods does not pass from Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC to the client.
(b) If the Goods are in the client’s possession, the client holds the Goods as trustee for Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC and must store the Goods so that they are clearly identifiable as the property of Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC.


Exchange or Return of Goods
Please contact our Customer Service by phone or email within 7 business days from the date you received your printed materials.
In case of production errors and/or defects, we will offer to reprint your job.
Clients will be responsible for fixing any errors discovered during the design processor or authorise us to print as-is or we can make necessary modifications or design adjustments for a small fee.
Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC will not be responsible for any damages or claims incurred by you or your business caused by receiving printed materials which are defective or incomplete or which you receive later than the estimated delivery date.


Shipping Policy

(A) Delivery Notification Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC will notify the client when the Goods are ready for collection by email or over phone.
(B) Collection Unless Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC and client agree otherwise, the client must collect the Goods from Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC premises upon being notified that the Goods are ready for collection.
(C) Incorrect delivery address In case of incorrect or invalid delivery addresses, multiple delivery attempts, Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC will not be liable to indemnify the client.


Quantity delivered
Every endeavor will be made to deliver the correct quantity delivered, but owing to the difficulty of producing exact quantities, estimates and/or orders are conditional upon a margin of five percent being allowed for overs or shortages which shall be charged or deducted on a run-on cost basis.


Force Majeure
Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC shall not be held liable for experiencing delays in performance as a result of strikes, lockouts, riots, floods, severe weather, earthquakes, fires, casualty, acts of God, acts of public enemy, epidemic, quarantine restrictions, freight embargo, lack of transportation, government restrictions of priority, litigation, insurrection, war, inability to procure required materials and other acts of failures beyond our control.


Governing law and jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws in force in the Emirate of Dubai in which Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC premises are located and the parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Emirate of Dubai which may hear appeals in respect of any proceedings in connection with these Terms and Conditions.