Privacy Policy

This following document sets forth the Privacy Policy for the Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC website, www.dlxprint.com
Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC (dlxprint.com) understands the importance of protecting the privacy of its users. By using the dlxprint.com website ("Site") and submitting your information on or through the Site, you (referred to hereafter as "you", "your" or "user") are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We will never share any of your information to any third party.


Collection of your personal information
There are many aspects of the site which can be viewed without providing personal information, however, for access to Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC customer support features you are required to submit personally identifiable information.


Sharing of your personal information
We may occasionally hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, including but not limited to handling customer support enquiries, processing transactions or customer freight shipping. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.


How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.


Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.


Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for damages, direct or consequential, resulting from your use of the Site, and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from any claims, losses, liability costs and expenses, including but not limited to attorney’s fees, arising from your violation of any third-party’s rights.


Legal Disclaimer
This Site operates "AS-IS" and "AS-AVAILABLE," without warranties of any other kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. This Privacy Policy is governed by the Federal laws of the United Arab Emirates. Any legal actions against us arising out of or related to the Site or any services offered or provided therefrom must be commenced in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.


Changes to this Privacy Policy
Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. Kindly visit this page for any future updates.


Contact us on below address
Deluxe Digital Advertising LLC.
13th St - Al Qusais Industrial Area 2 - Dubai - United Arab Emirates
Tel: +971 (0)4 2725202
email: print@dlxprint.com